How can it be your insult to be presumptuous and take care of my family?
Pretending to look like
No wonder you want to fake the guardian daughter.
Of course I want to see our Third Master Shen
There are many women who want to meet our third master
What are you?
Stop talking nonsense and let Mr. Shen come out for me
Third Master Shen's name is also something you can call directly
Get out of here quickly
Gu Jingxi, you are a street singer
Still delusional haha
How does it feel to be beaten at the door?
Now I know that swagger won't last long
Welcome Mr. Ye
Assistant Zhang specifically explained
All VIPs who cooperate with the Shen family
Have to explain
I'll take you up
Does Gu Jinxi know our gap now?
Last time you kicked me out
Remember now
I didn't take you to the police station last time
It's already given you a lot of face.
Gu Jinxi dares to scold in my turf for a few days
Immediately kneel down and apologize to Tiantian
Li Xiaochen, I gave you face, didn't I?
Dare to make me kneel and apologize
Are you sure you want to die so early?
Give me face hahahaha
You are a singer
Nothing but street stalls
Waste my money
What is Ye Haochen?
It's nothing without me supporting you behind your back
A man who made a fortune by eating soft rice is so hard
Mr. Ye, don't be angry.
I'll have the bouncer kick him out
You woman, get out of here
Otherwise, I'll ask the bodyguards to throw you out. Yeah
I'll see who dares to touch her